♪ ♪
[bob] I still can't believe
the cosmic drive-in's closing.
Aw, poor drive-in.
But I'm glad you kids will get
to see it before it's gone.
Always interested in your
disappearing way of life, dad.
-Tell us again
about print media?
-Louise.
I used to go there
all the time when I was a kid.
Or, well, a few times.
And you met ramona.
Who's ramona?
She was the first girl
that ever talked to your dad.
-Pretty much, yeah.
-Aw.
Mom was the first girl
that ever talked to me.
-I felt so special.
-[phone chimes]
Ugh. This lady from the pta.
I texted her on our group chat.
I said, "are you bringing
four tables
Or five tables
to the bake sale?"
-And she texts back, "got it."
-huh.
And then colleen
writes back, "which is it?"
And then, an hour later
maryanne finally texts back,
"how many tables
for the bake sale?"
And I say, "we need five total.
Can you bring five, or do we
need to find another table?"
And she just wrote back,
"see you then."
And you're confused because...
Maybe you should just call her?
And what, talk to her?
No, thanks.
I'll just complain about her
on our other text chain
Where a few of us vent about
Maryanne's weird,
confusing texts.
So you're talking about her
behind her back.
No, I'm texting about her
-Got it.
-Well, I'm so glad
Teddy told us
about tonight, or else
We would've missed
the final screening.
What's the movie
we're seeing again?
Attack of the man-monsters.
It's a great movie
from the '60s.
Well, it's a movie
This drive-in
likes to play old movies.
So glad it's an old movie
And not one of those
boring new movies.
Please tell me it's slow-paced.
Oh, come on, kids,
we're gonna be
Watching a movie
under the stars.
Plus you can sneak
in all the food you want.
The car is like
a giant purse with wheels.
Look, I brought grapes
And the almost-fancy crackers,
Half a bag of croutons,
and some old deli meat
That's probably still good.
Uh-huh. Thank god tina's sharing
Her weirdly saved-up
Halloween and easter candy
That she was somehow able
to keep hidden from us.
Still waiting on that thank you.
-Thank you.
God, she's on such a power trip.
Yes, I am.
Call me the candy queen.
[bob]
oh, man, the old sign.
Hmm, it's maybe
not working anymore.
It used to be
really cool looking.
Eh, who wants to see it
when it was cool?
It's more fun
to have your dad wait
Until the place
is about to shut down
And then vaguely describe
what it was like.
One ticket, please.
It's just me. No one else.
-I'm totally alone.
-[pounding in trunk]
Pipe down, harold.
You're gonna blow our cover.
Okay. Enjoy the movie.
Hi. Uh, five tickets, please.
The station to
tune into the movie
Will be on your receipt.
Oh. Uh, when did they
get rid of the speakers?
Uh, I think like 30 years ago.
I... I guess I haven't
been here in a while.
We've been very busy.
Cool. Be sure to
visit our snack bar.
Oh, sure, hon. We will.
Is that a package of deli meat?
What? No.
How did that get there?
Two, please.
My mom. She's asleep.
She loves it here,
though. Really.
[laughs] look who saved
several dollars.
Suckers.
[grunting]
[harold]
what's going on out there?
Open up already.
I can't. It's stuck.
-What?
-[shushes]
[grunting]
Hey, hi, how you doing?
[louise]
let's see, I'll go here,
Tina's candy bag can go here,
You guys work out the rest,
and then let's get munching.
Uh, let's wait until the movie
actually starts
Until we get into the candy,
okay, kids?
-What? Why?
-Because the candy queen
says so.
-Ugh, fine.
-[growls]
Gene, be cool.
Wow. This place.
[woman]
I made him let it go.
[screams]
Whoa, fly arm.
Dad? Did you fall asleep
during the movie?
[grunts]
uh, yeah, yeah, I just woke up.
Oh. Uh, I'm gonna go
to the bathroom.
Do you want anything
from the snack bar?
-Nah, I might just
go back to sleep.
-Okay.
Well, um, have a good, uh, rest.
You know you could've
brought a friend.
Well, they were all,
th-they were busy.
And you don't really have
that many.
Ah... Thanks.
I'm gonna go get snacks now.
You got some tp on your shoe.
Huh? Oh, I wasn't
going number two.
Uh-uh, so I don't even know
how that would've gotten there.
[groans]
-Ha! Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
You're robbie belcher, right?
Bobby. Uh, bob, lately.
Your name is bobby bob lately?
Ha! No. Uh, bob belcher.
You're ramona, right?
W-we have, uh,
social studies together.
I-I don't know your last name.
Yeah, well,
don't bother learning it,
-'cause we're moving.
-Oh, really?
It's fine. The good news is,
my mom's boyfriend dave
Didn't get invited to join us
in akron, ohio.
So we're having what I'm hoping
Is our last outing together
right now.
Who are you here with?
Someone cool,
Like your mom
and your mom's boyfriend?
Uh, not my mom,
uh, I'm here with my dad,
Who's, uh,
getting in a nice nap.
Well, I'm gonna go get popcorn.
You want popcorn?
I mean,
I'm not gonna buy it for you.
Just, I buy mine at
the same time as you buy yours?
Okay! I mean, yeah, sure.
[linda gasps]
oh, my god.
No. No, no, no, no, no, no.
-What? Lin. What?
-[groans]
I texted "maryanne
is such a dumb-belstiltskin"
To what I thought
was the other text chain,
But I actually texted it
to the main text chain.
The one that maryanne is on.
What's a "dumb-belstiltskin"?
You know, like rumpelstiltskin
but with "dumb"?
Oh, this is bad.
This is very bad.
Do you want us to workshop
something better?
Dumbelina's right there
if you want it.
[evelyn]
hello.
Hi. Welcome.
I'm evelyn james, I'm the owner
Of the cosmic drive-in.
Wow. Big turnout.
Where were all of you
for the last 40 years? Ha!
Just kidding. Mostly.
Anyway, tonight marks
the end of an era.
The property will officially
be going up for sale tomorrow.
Ugh, this place can't go away.
We-we can't just let it close.
Whoa. Someone's full
of beans tonight.
I am full of beans, tina.
I-I'm gonna do something
about it.
You're gonna do something
about something?
-That's not your style.
-I know.
But I think we have to try
to save the drive-in?
-Save it? How?
-Like give it a kidney?
Like, I-I don't know, uh,
like get a-a petition going?
Go around from car to car?
-Get signatures? Maybe?
-[evelyn] so,
Without any further ado,
I hope you enjoy
Tonight's final feature
attack of the man-monsters.
-And... Movie.
-[horns honk]
Look, there's tons
of people here,
The place is in decent shape,
it's still got it.
Th-this is the best way
to watch a movie.
-Oh.
-[evelyn] oop... Um, okay.
Uh, just a little
technical difficulty, folks.
We'll get this projector up and
running in just a few moments.
In the meantime,
enjoy some popcorn.
Uh, okay, now I'm hearing
That popcorn is unavailable
at the moment.
The machine
is a little bit on fire.
But there's lots of other
tasty not-on-fire treats,
So come on down.
Still worth saving.
Uh, o-okay,
we don't have any paper,
But, uh, people can just
sign these napkins?
You can use napkins
for a petition, right?
-Unless you're a petition snob.
-Ah, crap.
I told the main text chain
that me calling maryanne
A dumb-belstiltskin was just
some sort of autocorrect thing,
But now they've gone silent.
-And my other text chain--
-the gossipy one.
Shush. They're all freaking out,
and it's not helping.
Maybe I tell the main one
I was hacked?
I'm sorry, lin. D-do you want me
to stay and help you
-Lie to people on the pta?
-No, I'll figure it out.
Okay, I'm gonna go get
petitioning to save this place.
-Oh, my god.
-Good luck, dad.
Ooh, I'm feeling a pee
coming on.
Better go take care of that
before the movie.
[louise]
okay, bye.
So, should we sneak
a little smidge of sugar
-While tina's away?
-But she said to wait.
-Like a monster.
-Come on, she'll never know.
-Look at how much there is.
-Good point.
-Gimme, gimme, gimme.
-[laughs] ho, ho, ho.
-She's got ka-bloozies.
-Yes.
Mmm. Candy good.
[munches]
It's a great day
to have taste buds.
And tina
is none the wiser. Whoa.
Gene, your mouth is really blue.
Your mouth is really blue.
Oh, crap.
I forgot ka-bloozies did that.
We were caught up
in the moment of candy bliss.
Oh, man, tina's gonna be
so mad at us.
The candy queen's
gonna chop off our heads.
Or worse, never let us have
any of her candy ever again.
Gah! Maybe we can
wash out our mouths.
Yes. Mom, did you bring water,
by any chance?
We won't make fun of you
if you did.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh-huh.
[grunting]
How's it look now? Ah?
Still very blue. Me? Ah.
-Somehow more blue?
-Napkins.
[car door opens, closes]
[both grunting]
Now I got bits of napkin
in my mouth.
Daddy, there's a scary man
outside our window.
Um, yes?
I'm, uh, I'm not scary.
I was just wondering
If you'd sign this petition
to save the drive-in.
-That's a napkin.
-I know.
It was, it was sort of
a spur-of-the-moment thing.
But it's a real petition.
Gonna be a real petition.
-Anyway,
if you could just sign--
-don't do it, dad.
-He's a murderer.
-Hey, I-I'm not a...
-I'm not a murderer.
-That's what a murderer
would say.
Honey, the kids are scared.
I think you better
just roll up the window.
-Sorry.
-Hurry, dad, hurry!
-Yeah, sorry.
-I, uh...
It's a petition
for saving the drive-in.
-The projector's broken.
-Yes, uh, I-I know, but--
And the sign
doesn't even work anymore.
I drove right by the entrance,
-Had to turn around.
-Uh, r-right.
And I didn't really care
for the last film I saw here.
Well, I don't think
that's really their fault.
-Here. Goodbye.
-[muffled fart]
Uh, that was me. Sneezing.
-Um...
-Okay, off you go.
Bye-bye now.
[grunting]
[both grunting]
Oh, god. Here comes tina,
And our mouths
are still very blue.
[gene]
maybe she doesn't even
like ka-bloozies
And we actually did her a favor?
No matter what,
don't open your mouth.
Okay, now that that's
out of my system. [chuckles]
[gene and louise giggle]
Yeah, that was a good one.
All right, guys?
Since we've got some time,
I thought we could go over
The candy ground rules.
Sound good?
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
-Mm-hmm.
Okay, so,
no fighting over candies,
No overstuffing mouthies,
And no "taste it, don't like it,
put it back in the bagsies."
-Mm-hmm.
Oh, and stay away
from the ka-bloozies.
-Hmm?
-Yeah, those are for tina.
There's three of them,
and I'm saving them
For my big candy finale
near the end of the movie.
So, ka-bloozies,
not-for-youzies.
Everybody clear on that?
-[both] mm...
-Great.
Okay, I've been brainstorming
with the non-maryanne text chain
And we came up
with the perfect plan.
I'm gonna call one of them
the same thing
I called maryanne
and then take a screenshot
And text it to maryanne
as evidence
That dumb-belstiltskin is just
something I call everyone.
Isn't that smart?
-I mean--
-it is.
[maryanne] [over phone]
linda? Hello?
Did you mean to call me?
-It's maryanne.
-Oh! Oh!
Hang up! Hang up!
What you up to?
Bothering people?
Just trying to do
a petition thing
To save the drive-in.
Oh, wow. You want some popcorn?
It's burnt but free?
Uh, okay.
[ramona]
you think the fly
is about communism?
Yeah, I think all movies from
the '50s were about communism.
I think it's about
not messing with nature.
But also maybe it's about, like,
The part of you
that's weird, like a fly.
-Your idea sounds smarter.
-I'm very smart.
Hey, you want to see
something cool?
Uh, intermission's almost over.
This is worth it, trust me.
You okay with heights?
-Oh. Uh...
-Forget I said heights.
I meant great things.
You okay with great things?
-Yes?
-Good.
How'd you like to watch the rest
of the movie from up there?
[quinn]
huh. I want to save
the drive-in, too,
But I never thought of
actually doing something.
I know. Me either.
I never do things.
So, what happens after
you get all the signatures?
Uh, well, I'll present them
to evelyn and say,
"look at all these names."
I-I'm-I'm kind of bad at this.
What you should really do
is something online,
Where people can kick in
a few bucks?
This place needs money.
Oh. Yeah. That sounds great.
Uh, how do people do that?
Well, there's lots of sites
you can use.
You go on one, sign up,
Get yourself a link
people can go to.
My cousin used moneyprettyplease
To help pay for
his dog's braces.
That would be amazing.
Wait, dogs get braces?
He really needed them.
Now that dog's gorgeous.
Uh, so how long does it take
To do one of those
online link things?
And... Here you go.
Oh. That was fast.
But then you got to let
people know about the link.
-How's your
social media presence?
-Um...
I don't think my phone has that.
Well, you just need a way
to get the word out.
Oh. The sign!
I know. Stuff kept breaking,
And evelyn
finally gave up on it.
Wouldn't be so bad if it didn't
get so dark at night, you know?
Right, nighttime's dark, but
if we can get the sign working,
We could put the link on there.
So everyone can see it
when they leave tonight,
And people driving by
can see it, too.
And maybe all lit up,
it'll remind people
Of what this place used to be.
Huh. Well... I mean, I can
get you a ladder
And letters for the marquee.
But I have no clue
how you'd fix the lights.
Oh! I think I know
someone who can help.
Teddy! Teddy!
Shh. Hey, bob. You made it.
Did you bring linda
and the kids?
Yeah. I-I wouldn't come
to a drive-in by myself.
Wait, why are we whispering?
-My mom fell asleep.
-Oh.
She, uh... She ate a gummy.
She was really silly
when we left the house,
But then she conked out
while we were driving over here.
I'm just letting
her sleep it off.
Oh. Okay. Uh...
-Well, um, do you
have your tools?
-Yeah.
Do you think you
could come with me
And help fix the drive-in sign?
Oh. Huh. Maybe.
Wait, do you work here now?
No. Uh, can you just
come with me?
I-it's kind of urgent.
Okay, just let me
leave my mom a note.
Uh... I-I'll use
this gum wrapper.
Okay, great. Fine. Here.
"I went with bob..."
-Oh, my god.
"...To fix sign.
-Don't have a lot
of details about it."
-teddy.
Eh, boy, I have to write
pretty small with this thing.
Where's paper when you
need it? Right, bobby?
Right, I know. I know.
Can we go? Now, please?
Oh, my god, I forgot
how high this is.
Forget it. Let's not do it.
-Oh.
-Sorry, I mean...
Uh, let's do it.
Unless you don't want to.
No, no, let's do it,
let's-let's do it. Yay.
Well, I see why
we needed the ladder.
Yeah, some of the rungs
on the pole rusted off.
And then the lights broke.
And it was hard to fix.
And then we were just like,
"what if there's no sign?
People should just know things."
-And of course the poison ivy.
-What?
Or regular ivy. I'm not sure.
It'll be a fun surprise
for later.
Uh, I guess we should go up?
Oh, god.
[grunting]
Wow. This is amazing.
I'm surprised there aren't
more people up here.
-Well, you can't hear it.
-Right.
And if you fall off, you die.
Right.
Ooh, this is a good part.
[crowd gasps in distance]
-[ramona] that guy's a fly.
-[young bob] wow.
It-it's amazing how you're able
to understand movies.
[ramona]
thank you.
[shudders] so high up.
-[teddy] I think I can fix it.
-Oh. Great.
I'll do what I can up here,
And then there must be
a switch down at the base.
Okay. Uh, quinn?
Tell me the link you made
And let's start putting it up.
Right. It's
www.Moneyprettyplease.Com/
1478/save_the_cosmic_
drivein_now.
That's so long.
Does it need to be that long?
I mean, if we want them
to find the website
And give money, then, yeah.
Right. Right. Uh, okay.
Well, we'll-we'll make it work.
-[phone chimes]
-aah! Oh, god.
It's a text from maryanne.
-What's it say?
-"call me."
Oh, my god. She's gonna kill me.
Over the phone.
Let me think. Quiet. Wait.
It is quiet.
That's freaking me out.
Louise? Gene?
What's wrong with you two?
We're fine, we're just
patiently waiting
For the movie to start.
And then my face
just got so cold.
So I was wondering if I could
watch the movie this way.
But no, sir. [chuckles]
[gene]
yeah, good for warming the face,
Bad for watching the show.
Can't have it all.
Huh. Yeah. Dark.
I'm surprised,
but I'm not surprised.
[teddy]
okay. I-I'm gonna throw
the breaker. You ready?
-Ready!
-[grunts]
[quinn and bob cheer]
[bob]
it worked! Great job, teddy!
Ah, I'm gonna go back and check
on my mom. You guys good?
Yup! Thanks again!
I'd better get back
to the concession stand.
It would suck to lose my job
On the last night
this place is open.
Hopefully it's not
the last night.
[sighs]
I never want to watch
a movie not from up here.
Yeah. They probably have
drive-ins in ohio, right?
They're everywhere, I think.
What, they're gonna stop
having drive-ins?
Oh, boy, here it comes.
-He crushed that
fly-guy with a rock.
-Yeah.
Seems kinda harsh. Just because
he was a little different.
But it's not like he was ever
gonna be mr. Tons of friends.
[sighs]
I'd be friends with him.
-Yeah?
-Sure.
If he promised to, like, not
land in poop when we hang out.
Yeah, that seems reasonable.
Okay. Better go.
Ah! Oh, no, no, no. No.
Crap.
All right. I'll just call--
No!
I did not just drop my phone.
I did. I just dropped my phone.
Teddy! Quinn! Teddy!
-Anyone!
-[horn honking]
Uh, thanks. Thanks so much.
Oh, god. Okay.
I mean, the rungs aren't...
That rusty.
Maybe?
[grunting]
Okay. So far so g... Ah!
[gasps] yeah, that's okay.
That's fine.
-[screams, grunts]
-[thuds]
Oh... I-I didn't...
Break anything?
Everything hurts,
but nothing's broken.
That's good.
[tina]
maybe just call her?
But then I have to talk to her.
[gene]
do you want me to call
and pretend to be you?
I do a pretty good linda.
"hi, I'm linda."
[tina]
whoa. That is good.
So, uh, still having
blanket time?
-[louise] yeah.
-[gene] yeah.
Uh, I found the fart smell
unpleasant.
Ugh. I just don't know
what to say to her.
Maybe just be honest?
Tell her you got frustrated
And you did something
kind of mean and you're sorry?
Okay. Okay, fine.
I'll be honest.
But I might make this call
away from you guys,
In case I change my mind
about the honesty thing.
'cause someone can be
a little judgy.
I think I might
stretch my legs, too.
[gasps] geez, gene,
what is the matter with you?
-What have you been eating?
-Candy.
-Aha!
-[screaming]
I knew it.
Caught you blue... Mouthed!
-You ate my ka-bloozies.
-When did you know?
Pretty much right away.
Because it was so obvious.
Plus, no one would stay under
a blanket with gene that long.
We're sorry. We didn't know
they were your favorite.
So, are we getting
our candy privileges revoked?
-Or just gene maybe?
-Hey.
No. It was entertaining.
Not as good as a movie,
But a little better than
watching mom freak out.
And there's still one left.
I-I can work with that.
-So we'll split it three ways?
-No. No. Back under the blanket.
[groaning]
no! [coughs]
-[bob grunts]
-bob!
Whoa, what happened to you?
Hey, quinn. Uh, I sort of
pushed over the ladder
And I had to climb down
the rungs and I almost died.
It-it's fine.
Cool. Well, I just saw evelyn
heading for the stage.
They must have fixed
the projector.
Oh! I-I should go tell her
about the sign.
So she can tell people about it,
And if people want to applaud
when they see the sign,
Then that's fine, too.
[grunts] okay. Ow. Ow.
Evelyn. Hi. Can I, uh,
can I just real quick--
Maybe we can chat after I
do this, heavy-breathing guy?
I'll be right back. Or I won't.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Hello, everyone.
Thank you for your patience.
We're ready to roll
the film, so...
Wait, the sign's on?
Well, what-what does it say?
It's a moneyprettyplease
website thing.
What? Wha... I can't hear you.
We put a website on the sign.
Wait, wait, wait, h-hold on.
What are you saying?
Uh, hi. So, uh, me
and some others
Put a link to a fundraising
website on the marquee.
Is that your dad?
We were trying to raise money
for the drive-in
-So you don't have to sell.
-What? Really?
Yes. Look, uh, I-I'm a small
business owner, too.
I-I get how hard it is
to keep a place going.
And th-this place is special.
It-it means something.
All I'm saying is,
maybe this could help?
And maybe you could hold off
On putting this place
up for sale?
Oh, no, honey. I want to sell.
-Y-y-you do?
-Oh, yes. Very much.
Listen, I'm sad to say goodbye,
but I-I want to retire
And-and travel and spend
more time with my grandkids.
-Even the annoying one.
-Oh.
Also, when's the last time
you were here, huh? Be honest.
Um... Well--
-Yeah?
-I-I mean, I,
I used to come here, um...
And I have some
really great memories here.
Well, those aren't
going anywhere, are they?
I'm not selling those.
I mean, if I could, I would,
But I don't know how
that technology would work.
Right. O-okay.
I-I mean, I'm glad
you're happy.
I-I did fall pretty far.
But it's fine.
Do you mind if I go back
To all the people waiting
for me to finish talking?
Oh, yes. Uh, bye.
[grunting]
[gasping]
Yes! I mean, uh,
who the hell is this guy?
-What?
-Here you go, sir.
I found your crowbar.
Whoa, you look rough.
-I mean, are you okay, hon?
-Yeah.
I-I'm just glad this place
was here while it was.
Sorry, kids. Sorry I couldn't
save it for you.
Dad, you know movies
still exist, right?
And we can watch them
in fun places
And brag about it
to our kids someday?
Like in the bathroom.
Yeah, I know. Thanks.
Lin, what happened
with maryanne?
Oh, I called her. We talked.
Turns out she's a lovely person
but terrible on text.
Also, they're housebreaking
their new puppy,
So she was all distracted
by that.
Anyway, I'm never gonna gossip
about anyone ever again.
-That's nice.
-And look,
She sent me a picture
of the puppy.
Aw. Oh.
I know, who knew
puppies could be ugly?
A real scooby-don't.
Sorry, last gossip.
Now I'm done. Now I'm done!
Okay, pipe down, people.
It's finally starting.
Yes! Candy me, baby!
Okay, okay.
Hey, guys.
Mom woke up, so, uh...
[linda]
you want some deli meat?
Yeah, throw it on top.
♪ ♪
[monster roaring in film]
[woman] what is it, doctor?
[doctor] it appears to be
some kind of monster.
But also... Man.
A man-monster.
[woman] dear god,
how do we fight it?
[doctor] well, it seems
its one weakness is... Love.
[monster roars]
[woman screams]
[monster growls amorously]
[woman] [swoons] oh.
[monster purrs]
[woman] aw.
-[monster growls]
-[woman shudders]
[monster purrs]
-[woman] oh.
-[monster] huh?
Captioning sponsored by
bento box entertainment
And toyota.